## Supplementary Material for "synMicrodata: An R Package for Generating Synthetic Microdata via a Nonparametric Bayesian Approach"

---

### `01 Data` directory
The directory contains the three simulated data files (`miss index (size 1000).rda`, `sample index (size 1000).rda` and `simulation dataset (population).rda`) used for Section 3.

- The data files were generated by running `02 Code/01 Generating simulation datasets.R`

---

### `02 Code` directory
The directory contains the example and simulation code files used in Section 3 of the main text and Section 2 of the Supplementary Material.

#### Section 3
The following code files are used for the simulation studies in Section 3.

- `__Functions for synthetic results.R`: Contains three functions used to summarize data synthesis results in Tables 2 and 3.

  - `ciIndicate_ft`: Indicates whether the confidence interval contains the true parameter.
  - `relBias_ft`: Calculates the relative bias.
  - `relRMSE_ft`: Calculates the relative root mean squared error.

- `01 Generating simulation datasets.R`: Generates the simulation datasets used in Section 3. The resulting datasets are stored in `01 Data` directory.

##### Simulation 1: Comparison of data synthesizers with original data without missing values
- `02-1 Synthetic generation using synMicrodata.R`: Generates the synthetic data using `synMicrodata` package.
- `02-2 Synthetic generation using synthpop.R`: Generates the synthetic data using `synthpop` package.
- `02-3 Synthetic generation using simPop.R`: Generates the synthetic data using `simPop` package.

##### Simulation 2: Performance of `synMicrodata` with original data with missing values
- `02-4 Synthetic generation with cc-only.R`: Generates the synthetic data with complete case only.
- `02-5 Synthetic generation with missing.R`: Generates the synthetic data with input data containing missing values.

The generated synthetic datasets are saved in `03 Output/Synthetic datasets` directory.

- `03 Summary results.R`: Summarizes the simulation results reported in Section 3.


#### Supplementary Section 2
- `__S2 Simple Examples.R`: Example code used in Section 2 of the Supplementary Material.



---

### `03 Output` directory
The directory contains the three outputs (synthetic data results, table summaries, and contour plots) reported in Section 3.

#### `03 Output/Synthetic datasets` directory
- The directory contains five folders with the data files generated by running `02 Code/02-# Synthetic generation ~.R`.
  - `synMicrodata/synthetic results (size 1000).rda` generated by running `02 Code/02-1 Synthetic generation using synMicrodata.R`
  - `synthpop/synthetic results (size 1000).rda` generated by running `02 Code/02-2 Synthetic generation using synthpop.R`
  - `simPop/synthetic results (size 1000).rda` generated by running `02 Code/02-3 Synthetic generation using simPop.R`
  - `with missing(cc only)/synthetic results (size 1000).rda` generated by running `02 Code/02-4 Synthetic generation with cc-only.R`
  - `with missing(impute)/synthetic results (size 1000).rda` generated by running `02 Code/02-5 Synthetic generation with missing.R`

#### `03 Output/Simulation Tables` directory
- The directory contains Tables 2 and 3 in Section 3.

#### `03 Output/Contour plot` directory
- The directory contains contour plots (Figure 2) in Section 3.

